TASK: Start and verify the existing AgriTwin scientific FastAPI backend.

The frontend is already implemented and connected to the real API contract. Do NOT redesign the frontend, create mock APIs, fabricate data, or modify scientific/backend logic.

First inspect the repository and determine:
1. The existing Python dependency files (requirements.txt, pyproject.toml, etc.).
2. The existing FastAPI entry point.
3. The existing virtual environment/dependency setup, if any.
4. How the backend is intended to be started.

Then install the existing backend dependencies into the Replit environment using the repository's existing dependency specification.

The intended backend entry point is:

python -m uvicorn backend.app.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000

If uvicorn or other required dependencies are missing, install them from the existing dependency specification rather than creating a new architecture.

After installation:

1. Start the FastAPI backend on port 8000.
2. Verify /health and /healthz.
3. Inspect the available API routes from the existing backend.
4. Test representative scientific endpoints using the existing API contract.
5. Verify that the frontend can reach the backend from the Replit environment.
6. Configure the frontend API base URL/environment variable correctly for the running backend.
7. Do not hard-code localhost if the frontend and backend are deployed separately.
8. Preserve all existing scientific backend code and tests.
9. Do not change scientific calculations, assimilation logic, schemas, or test expectations.
10. Do not introduce mock/demo API responses to hide backend failures.

If dependency installation fails, diagnose the exact package/version/environment problem and fix only the environment/dependency configuration necessary to run the existing backend.

Finally verify end-to-end:

Frontend → real FastAPI backend → real scientific API response → frontend visualization.

Report:
- exact dependency installation command used
- backend start command
- backend URL
- frontend API base URL
- health endpoint results
- which scientific endpoints were successfully tested
- any remaining blockers

IMPORTANT:
The scientific backend is the source of truth. Never replace missing backend data with fabricated frontend data.